Improve clarity (#28136)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/introduction/how_this_course_will_work.md

By the end of this unit, you should not only understand how the web works but also be able to identify and differentiate between all the technologies that you will use to build your own web applications. You will be able to build a basic webpage, style it, and add minor elements of interactivity while working comfortably from the command line.

This section intentionally covers a very broad range of topics. It's silly to go diving straight into server-side programming without having a context for what it is and why it's useful (and why you should learn it!).

### How it works

This curriculum works by aggregating the best content from across the internet to teach a specific topic. In each lesson, we'll introduce the topic and try to provide some useful context before pointing you to external resources made by others.

Most lessons will contain questions that you should be able to answer before moving on. Some lessons will include exercises for you to complete. In addition, we provide several projects throughout the curriculum to help you grow your understanding by actually building things.

> Try not to think of The Odin Project, or programming, as a class in school. It's not material you learn all at once to take a test, and then pass or fail. You can think of it as a snowball. You, yourself, are a snowball. You're rolling down a hill full of snow; the further you roll, the more snow will stick to you. Sure, snow will also fall off you, and you'll forget things often, but that's just part of the process. Don’t worry if you reach a project and feel like you haven’t retained or memorized anything. That's natural and happens to everyone. The information will come back to you as you start solving your problems one at a time, relying on Google and the Odin Community for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try not to think of The Odin Project, or programming, as a class in school. It's not material you learn all at once to take a test, and then pass or fail. You can think of it as a snowball. You, yourself, are a snowball. You're rolling down a hill full of snow; the further you roll, the more snow will stick to you. Sure, snow will also fall off you, and you'll forget things often, but that's just part of the process. Don't worry if you reach a project and feel like you haven't retained or memorized anything. That's natural and happens to everyone. The information will come back to you as you start solving your problems one at a time, relying on Google and the Odin Community for help.
```
Suggesting that you exchange `’` for `'` as the apostrophe character. The latter is what we use throughout the curriculum.
